Guide/make a transaction (#8)
radicle-dev/radicle-run: docs/submit-transactions.md

        ```

### Examples

1. Register a user

    This example registers a user named "neo" in the registry using a
    locally generated account (that happens to also be) named "neo"
    to sign the transactions, specifying `100` as the fee.

    ``` bash
    radicle-registry-cli user register neo --author neo --fee 100
    ```

2. Transfer funds from an account to another

    This example transfers `500` tokens to the account with the address
    `5HWP48i9TuP2VrRZrNeb6QzYpdUSE9BvyaptEqqHrLfH8ZPd`, specifying `20` as fee. A total of
    `520` will be withdrawn from the author's account, neo.

    ``` bash
    radicle-registry-cli account transfer 500 5HWP48i9TuP2VrRZrNeb6QzYpdUSE9BvyaptEqqHrLfH8ZPd --author neo --fee 20
    ```

3. Unregister an org

    This example unregisters an org named "Hooli". For it to succeed, such an org must be registered in
the Radicle Registry and it must have been registered by the author. The author will be charged
    `10` tokens in any case.

    ``` bash
    radicle-registry-cli org unregister Hooli --author neo --fee 10
    ```

## Command-Line Options

All the CLI commands that submit transactions provide the following options that

> are to be specified at the end of your command.

Reviewer: We should also explain that you can set the options via environment variables.

- `Author`

    ⚠ Requires having [getting started submitting a transaction](getting-started#submitting-a-transaction).

>     Mandatory for all transactions, the author option lets you specify the local account

Reviewer: We should clarify what the term “local account” means.

Author: I considered the same, but since a pre-requisite here is to follow `getting-started#submitting-a-transaction` where that is explained, I thought we could skip repeating that here. What do you recon?

Reviewer: The section you’re referring to does tell a user how to create an account. But the term “local account” is never introduced. How about this.
```suggestion
    Mandatory for all transactions. The author option lets you specify the account that is
    used to sign the transaction. You can use the `account` command group to manage your
    accounts.
```

Author: That's good, will commit :+1:

    that you want to use to sign a transaction.

    ```
    --author <account_name>
        The name of the local account to be used to sign transactions
        [env: RAD_AUTHOR=]
    ```

- `Fee`

    ⓘ See [Transaction fees](#transaction-fees) to learn more about how fees work in the Radicle Registry.

    Optional, default to the minimum acceptable fee amount.

    ```
    --fee <fee>
        Fee that will be charged to submit transactions. The higher the fee,
        the higher the priority of a transaction
        [env: RAD_FEE=]
        [default: 1]
    ```

- `Node Host`

    ⓘ See [Running a node](getting-started#running-a-node) to be able to connect directly to
    the node you eventually have running locally.

    Optional, default to the ffnet network. TODO(nuno) phrase this better.

    ```
    --node-host <node-host>
        IP address or domain name that hosts the RPC API
        [env: RAD_NODE_HOST=]
        [default: 127.0.0.1]
    ```

## Transaction fees

Transactions fees in the Radicle Registry let you specify the amount that you want to

> pay to have your transactions included and prioritized. We only set a minimum amount,

Reviewer: Can we point out the trade-off here? A higher fee makes it more likely that your transaction will be included quickly. With lower fees you might need to wait.

you define how much we should charge you. It's surprise-free.

> Also note that transactions that involve an Org will be charged from the org's account,
> unless if the author is not a member of that org. In that case, the author is charged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also note that transactions that involve an organization will be charged from the org's account
if the author is a member of the organization. Otherwise the transaction will fail and the author
is charged the fee.
```

We should also point out that the author still is charged for registering an org.

        ``` bash
        radicle-registry-cli user register --help
        ```

    - Register an org
        ``` bash
        radicle-registry-cli org register --help
        ```

    - Register a project
        ``` bash
        radicle-registry-cli project register --help
        ```

- Unregister entities

    You can unregister orgs and users from the Radicle Registry.

    - Unregister a user
        ``` bash
        radicle-registry-cli user unregister --help
        ```

    - Unregister an org
        ``` bash
        radicle-registry-cli org unregister --help
        ```

### Examples

1. Register a user

    This example registers a user named "neo" in the registry using a
    locally generated account (that happens to also be) named "neo"
    to sign the transactions, specifying `100` as the fee.

    ``` bash
    radicle-registry-cli user register neo --author neo --fee 100
    ```

2. Transfer funds from an account to another

    This example transfers `500` tokens to the account with the address
    `5HWP48i9TuP2VrRZrNeb6QzYpdUSE9BvyaptEqqHrLfH8ZPd`, specifying `20` as fee. A total of
    `520` will be withdrawn from the author's account, neo.

    ``` bash

>     radicle-registry-cli account transfer 500 5HWP48i9TuP2VrRZrNeb6QzYpdUSE9BvyaptEqqHrLfH8ZPd --author neo --fee 20

Reviewer: The user needs to scroll to see all the code. We should break it into a couple of lines.

    ```

3. Unregister an org

    This example unregisters an org named "Hooli". For it to succeed, such an org must be registered in
the Radicle Registry and it must have been registered by the author. The author will be charged
    `10` tokens in any case.

    ``` bash
    radicle-registry-cli org unregister Hooli --author neo --fee 10

>     ```

Reviewer: This is not properly rendered

        radicle-registry-cli org register --help
        ```

    - Register a project
        ``` bash
        radicle-registry-cli project register --help
        ```

- Unregister entities

    You can unregister orgs and users from the Radicle Registry.

    - Unregister a user
        ``` bash
        radicle-registry-cli user unregister --help
        ```

    - Unregister an org
        ``` bash
        radicle-registry-cli org unregister --help
        ```

### Examples

1. Register a user

    This example registers a user named "neo" in the registry using a
    locally generated account (that happens to also be) named "neo"
    to sign the transactions, specifying `100` as the fee.

    ``` bash
    radicle-registry-cli user register neo --author neo --fee 100
    ```

2. Transfer funds from an account to another

    This example transfers `500` tokens to the account with the address
    `5HWP48i9TuP2VrRZrNeb6QzYpdUSE9BvyaptEqqHrLfH8ZPd`, specifying `20` as fee. A total of
    `520` will be withdrawn from the author's account, neo.

    ``` bash
    radicle-registry-cli account transfer \
        500 \
        5HWP48i9TuP2VrRZrNeb6QzYpdUSE9BvyaptEqqHrLfH8ZPd \

>         --author neo \

Reviewer: Love the hacker touch ;)
